{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Run descriptions for the 2012-10-08 RBSP event for CUSIA\
\
\
2501: \
\
2502: \
\
2503: \
\
2504: \
\
>>>>>\
SWITCHED TO  SWMF_20200918 Version, much more stable\
Also switched the #MAGNETOSPHERE command\
	#MAGNETOSPHERE\
	T			body1\
	2.500			Rbody\
	3.500			Rcurrents\
	500.			Magneto_rho_dim (/ccm) density\
	4.31E3			Magneto_T_dim (K) temperature \
<<<<<\
\
2505: Rerun using Hartinger 28M cell grid, CIMI using UniformL grid. \
\
2506: Rerun using CCMC 2M cell grid, CIMI UniformL grid. \
COMPLETED\
\
2507: Rerun using CUSIA grid, CIMI using UniformL grid.\
\
>>>>>\
Alex expressed concerns about the boundary values, switched back to\
BATS-R-US "defaults."\
\
	#BODY\
	T                       UseBody\
	2.5                     rBody     (in planet radius)\
	3.0                     rCurrents (in planet radius)\
	28.0                    BodyNDim  (/cc)\
	25000.0                 BodyTDim  (K)\
<<<<<\
	\
2508: Using Modified RCM PARAM file, running with CCMC 2M cell\
	grid. CIMI uSing UniformL grid. NOTE: This PARAM.in did *NOT*\
	use #MINIMUMDENSITY.\
COMPLETED\
\
2509: Rerun of 2508, but using modified RCM PARAM file including\
	#MINIMUMDENSITY. CIMI uses Expanded grid.\
\
2510: Using SWPC_test setup with CIMI, but will change F10.7 and IMF\
	files as needed. Uses CIMI's ellipse boundary and the expanded\
	grid.\
\
2511: Using the same PARAM commands as run2510, but now using the\
	CUSIA grid setup. CIMI uses ellipse boundary and the expanded\
	grid.\
\
2512: Rerun of 2510, uses CIMI's circle boundary and expanded grid.\
\
2513: Rerun of 2510, uses CIMI's ellipse boundary and UniformL grid.\
\
2514: Rerun of 2512, uses CIMI's circle boundary and UnifromL grid.\
\
>>>>> \
\
Runs 2505 through 2514 use SWMF_20200918 up to this point where CIMI\
has used B_0 values at L=20 in a dipole magnetic field to calculate\
the xmm array. To test the sensitivity of this choice, run 2515\
changes this back to the default B_0 value. All future runs will need\
to decide from among the possible values and how this influences the\
simulation results.\
\
<<<<<\
\
2515: Rerun of 2510, changing the B_0 value used to initialize the xmm\
	(Mu) grid to that at 45 R_E (default value). Was previously\
	set at 20 R_E from a different project. Uses CIMI's ellipse\
	boundary and expanded grid.\
\
2516: Rerun of 2510, except turned off #DECAY\
}